# Laborator 2 

### Compulsory (1p)

- Create an object-oriented model of the problem. You should have (at least) the following classes: Event, Room.
- The start and end time will be integers. The rooms will also have the property type. The available types will be implemented as an enum .
- Each class should have appropriate constructors, getters and setters.
- Use the IDE features for code generation, such as generating getters and setters.
- The toString method form the Object class must be properly overridden for all the classes.
Use the IDE features for code generation, for example (in NetBeans) press Alt+Ins or invoke the context menu, select "Insert Code" and then "toString()" (or simply start typing "toString" and then press Ctrl+Space).
- Create and print on the screen the objects in the example.

### Homework (2p)
- Create a class that describes an instance of the problem.
- Override the equals method form the Object class for the Event, Room classes. The problem should not allow adding the same event or room twice.
- Instead of using an enum, create dedicated classes for lecture halls and computer labs. Room will become abstract. The course room may have an additional property indicating if there is a video projector, and the lab room may indicate the operating system of its computers.
- Create a class to describe the solution.
- Implement a simple algorithm for creating a feasible solution to the problem, "trying" to minimize the number of used rooms.
- Write doc comments in your source code and generate the class documentation using javadoc.

### Bonus (2p)

- Use the time package in order to describe the start and the end time of the events.

#### TODO:
- Implement the DSatur graph coloring algorithm.
- Generate large random instances and:
compare the solutions generated by Greedy and DSatur algorithms;
analyze the performance of your algorithm (running times, memory consumption). Identify the hot-spots in your code.